You hey hey hey hey
Xiao Yan, now I see how you pretend
How dare you steal the Dragon Jade?
Who in the world can protect you?
Boy, you stole this jade.
I didn't steal it.
I don't know why.
This piece of jade came to me
He just said that the Dragon King is looking for this piece
If found here
Then we'll be exposed, why don't we go quickly?
Young master, you are so brave
How dare you steal the Dragon Jade?
Somebody help me!
Arrest this kid and the mother and daughter of the Fan family for me
Zhao Wuji, are you blind?
The impostor just now knew he had been discovered
Confuse
Clear your name
How dare you question me now?
Aren't you afraid that this Dragon King will be angered and punished downward?
Yes, Mr. Zhao
Apologize
YES YES YES
Mr. Zhao, please admit your mistake
Lord Dragon King has a large number of
I won't count with you today.
Today's banquet is over
Ask the Dragon King
Who did the agency rights of the Dragon King store cost me?
I'll give you the agency at half price